fix: [M3-7196] - Database Access Drawer Incorrect Loading State (#9722)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-9722-fixed-1695762935283.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> Database Access Drawer Broken Loading State ([#9722](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9722))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Close" button in Database Access Controls drawer incorrectly having a loading state ([#9722](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9722))
```
